# 2022-05-11
## #todo 
- [x] Take morning meds
- [x] Take evening meds

## #journal
The machines in [[superstructure]] need to be herded 
sekiro has a relatively narrow set of things to get good at, and it demands you get good at nearly all of them

[[Elden Ring]] asks that you get really good at one thing at least. the wider palette of player options - attack vectors - means they need to let you not worry about using much of that palette. sekiro's narrower scope allowed it to ask more.

when you deal between master hewg and roderika, or most interactions, you're serving as the connector between these people, these [[nodes]]. But the player isn't a node, themselves. They're a vector, or they can be. The player drifts through the space between characters, choosing to comply with them or not.

If they player does not, we don't see them necessarily try to exercise power over the player. This would be interesting to see. If an NPC were ignored, what could they do?

Could this be a whole game? You simply wander and pass messages - or don't - and whether you do or don't affects the world around you? The idea of a repeater makes sense, here.

The people who are in your mech voice different ideas about the messages you move. None of them question whether or not the player-as-mech moves the messages, but they do notice when some messages take forever to get to their destinations. Some even talk about messages from times before, even millions of years prior, that were never delivered, but remain in the system.

The messages could be proc gen from tables for generating this universe, and what characters say could follow out of that.

the distance between cities is often like the distance between planets, but communications networks that are facilitated by mechs are all that keep humanity connected. Is this [[Death Stranding]] now? The repeaters move between relays which connect to cables. The people inside of the mech are what keep it under control; this is not what they were designed for. The player, and the mech, are essentially a farm animal. They're a horse for the people inside of it.

When the mech moves from one major location to another, the people on board often are decades of years older, or have all entirely died and have been replaced



