# 2022-05-25
I'm having a meeting for #MDQ22 today to talk about workflow and get me onboarded with everything.

- John and I are collabing to an extent.
	- MDQNAS is where the originals are
	- It can also be mounted for other team members, but will probably only be for me.
	- [[MDQ22]] is where proxies go
	- The Nexis is a shared system where we can access the drive volumes.
	- MDQ22 will be mounted and should stay on my workstation automatically, but others may not be.
	- Process: move high res from shuttle to NAS and then move 
	- Organization system is up to us, but recommendation from Dom is by date. I'll just make sure I'm aligned with John on that.
	- Premiere Settings
	- We're choosing a codec to use on the project before we import media. sequence settings determine import settings.
	- right click from library, create proxy
	- I think we're selecting which format to go with. he used qt, but I think h254 might be better?
	- Apple Prosres 422 proxy
	- If it doesn't found files automatically, uncheck "use media browser" because then it won't find the media properly.
	- You can create an ingest preset
	- this is done in media encoder
	- if the hi res footage is not mounted - and it never will be - unless the nas is mounted.
	- unless, maybe it will be? could make things easier if we trust editors not to touch the nas.

I want to check for art books, specifically those with architecture examples, at the library.

- [[slack info email]]
- [x] catch up with john to figure out what we want to do first from dom's bit ✅ 2022-05-25
- [x] follow up with recap email to meghan ✅ 2022-05-25
>Aaron, at the end of your shift, please send out a daily email to re-cap what you worked on and what issues you ran into.  See John and Stella's below.  Please send this to all AEs (Aaron, John, Stella) and cc to me.  The procedure is that each AE will reply to the larger chain with their update at the end of their shift each day.  If you are the first to wrap (as Stella was in this case) please kick off the daily email with your update.

- [[Get in touch with the rest of the post team as they start]]
- [Jump Instructions](https://mpe.kayako.com/article/3-installing-cisco-anyconnect-and-jump-desktop)
- [[VPN and remote desktop info]]

- #projectmech if I export a gltf, but create a scene from it, and then generate the static body mesh around it, I get collision. I arrived at my solution through what I found on a [Godot Engine Q&A page](https://godotengine.org/qa/26361/godot-how-do-you-add-custom-collision-mesh-to-imported-model)

[[jump should occur on release]]