# 2022-05-23
I start #MDQ22 on Tuesday this week, tomorrow. Zoom meeting will take place Wednesday, but in the mean time I have contact information for the people I will be working with.

> Hi Aaron!  We're excited to have you on board starting tomorrow. 
>Cc'd here is John Rocco, lead AE for these ATV shows.
>[[Stella Green]] was brought on to help cover the first (Dating) show.
>You have been brought on to help the next show (MDQ) but all 3 of you will work together to cover/divide workload.
>Currently, for ATV, there are 2 shows in post:
>1 - Dating Show aka Love Allways.  Principal shooting has ended, ingest process is complete.  John and Stella have been working extensively on this project and will continue to support as needed.
>2 - [[My Dream Quinceanera(MDQ22)]] aka MDQ22.  Shooting is in progress, we have received some shoot days media already, and footage is ready for ingest.  This will be your primary focus, and there will be a kick off call to discuss process with the vendor 'MPE'.
>Tomorrow, when you are ready to start your workday - Lead AE [[John Rocco]] can help you, just reach out to him.

- [x] Do dishes
- [x] Throw out trash ✅ 2022-05-24
What are the tools for designing my own synth patches in Ableton?

[This was a total gamechanger for my sound design! - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GXQHiozYGTE&list=WL&index=10) this video goes into sound design tricks and specifically some resampling that I want to mess with.

This is a cool theory video on chromatic medians and how to use them to create chord progressions. [a TRICK to write CINEMATIC MUSIC - Music Theory in 5 Minutes #27 - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HhK6DOtG5wM&list=WL&index=23)

[[mods are very interesting]]

[[the devil climbs through day one exploits]]

[[depression can be an increased sadness threshold]]

[[enemies in elden ring are twisted and broken versions of the people who exploit them]]

The Goat Paradox is a fantastic song by Grandbrothers.

the [[three act play]] version of [[superstructure]] is choosing a conversation to have in the interior, mech-piloting combat, and then a hard cut to a conversation in the interior as a consequence of who you spoke to previously, and you see the item you found is in someone's hands. that's the [[prototype]]. that's the [[demo]].

