>Historically, our monster myths are commonly shaped by the fears and prejudices that groups of people hold against ‘others’. Many of these prejudices are influenced by a series of differences that separate the primary group and opposing group from homogeneity. A group with a different skin colour, a different language, or a different religion would be considered to be one step away; if multiple differences were exemplified by a group, then the degrees of separation would increase accordingly. Intolerance additionally increases with regards to proximity. The closer two groups are in physical proximity to each other, the higher the tensions become. This became most apparent as post-Roman Empire Europe developed more close-knit relations throughout its fledgling kingdoms, from trade-routes to treaties; tensions heightened between these formerly hegemonic kingdoms and people-groups. Native Europeans became increasingly aware and uncomfortable of these other groups, and this led to redefinition of their monsters. Chief among these was the formulation of the Blood Libel myth, which, combined with Central and Eastern European folklore, became the basis of our modern understanding of vampires.

McCallum, Heather, et al. “Blood Libel: The Anti-Semitic Roots of Vampirism.” In the Footsteps of Monsters, 8 Nov. 2016, https://eportfolios.macaulay.cuny.edu/monsters/2016/11/08/blood-libel-the-anti-semitic-roots-of-vampirism/. 

While there are also anti-[[capitalism]] metaphors, the stickiness of the anti-semitic connections make it something I'd rather not fuck with.